[docs] update plugin docs (#278)
openedx/edx-django-utils: edx_django_utils/plugins/README.rst

they do not have out-of-the-box support for plugin apps that auto-install
into a containing Django project.

> .. _decision (ADR) for moving this to edx-django-utils: https://github.com/openedx/edx-django-utils/blob/master/docs/decisions/0002-extract-plugins-infrastructure-from-edx-platform.rst

Reviewer: removed

Enable Plugins in an IDA
------------------------

> See `instructions to enable plugins for an IDA`_.
> 
> .. _instructions to enable plugins for an IDA: https://github.com/openedx/edx-django-utils/blob/master/edx_django_utils/plugins/docs/how_tos/how_to_enable_plugins_for_an_ida.rst

Reviewer 2: I believe this is the right way to make this a proper doc link that will work on Read The Docs:

```suggestion
See :doc:`instructions to enable plugins for an IDA <how_to_enable_plugins_for_an_ida>`.
```
